(8) Mistry tool for Crypto Trading! Calculate reversal Prices for Bitcoin (BTC) & Ethereum (ETH) - YouTube

Transcripts:
(00:02) Greetings to everyone.  Congratulations to everyone.  How is everyone?  Hope everyone is well and enjoying life.   Let's start the conversation.  Today we are going to talk about crypto. Yes, you were waiting for such a crypto for a long time that I will launch crypto on crypto because we launched crypto on LTP orders.
(00:16) But when will crypto classes start?  So from today we are starting crypto classes and doing them regularly.  I will be accompanied by Anshul Singh ji who is from Bhopal and does excellent trading, he does excellent trading through LTP calculator, through crypto and also knows many strategies of crypto.
(00:35)   I understand that we had a lot of discussions with them and we have come together to understand crypto, to know crypto and I also did a lot of research on crypto in between. Understood a lot of things because reversal prices on the tool are universal. Reversal prices always come to us.  There  is also a strategy of D1, D2, D3 DK.
(00:56)   We also have our Live AI LTP strategy.  But how do we mix up all these strategies to  perform our trades and how do we understand that this is the trade made for us.  For this we will have to understand it slowly. So for now this video is for you and if you are watching this video on YouTube then do not forget to subscribe to our Crypto with Altic Older channel.
(01:16) Like and share this video with your friends and family because LTP calculator is the only crypto tool in the world that analyzes crypto currencies, especially crypto currencies and that too on the basis of option chain.  There is no  tool in the world that gives you the reversal prices of cryptocurrencies. Additionally, its AILTTP features give you an extra edge in crypto.
(01:41) So for now let us go straight to Anshul Singh ji and also to the market and I will directly share my screen and let us talk about the market.  How are you Anshul ji?   Yes sir. Ok sir. Excellent.  So, we were talking about crypto.  There are a lot of people with us too. We will also turn on the chats of those who are connected to us on Zoom so  that they can ask their questions.
(02:06)   We will show you their chats.  Ok?  So Anshul ji, then why did you select crypto crypto?  Why do you trade crypto ?   There  is a very good opportunity for option selling in crypto because like Nifty, it requires a lot of capital but in crypto, it does not require much capital to sell options and there is zero DT every day.
(02:31)   So there is more opportunity in this and the percentage of return becomes higher.  So if you trade well by managing the risk then the percentage of return becomes higher. The percentage of return becomes higher. But the volatility is also very high. Like look at this, a big move, a tremendous move came today.
(02:49)   Now the crypto which was around ₹14800 went down to around ₹1400.  Brother, if there is so much reward then the risk is also the same. So we have to manage it and move on.  If risk is managed, it leads to profitability in the long term. Probability slowly comes towards you.  You know, I caught this move, this entire move.
(03:14) I caught this entire move.  But it is not that it was immediately known that such a big move was going to happen.  So I  caught this move by managing both risk and reward. Let me show you my strategy, explain how I took the catch and what was expected from me. Ok?  And what was the situation in the market?  We will  also understand to see what the situation was on the LTP calculator.
(03:44)   Then we will talk about different strategies. Yes, this move was caught by buying both the options.  Isn't it ?  The option was bought.  The buy option was purchased.   The put option of ₹383 went around ₹2800. Ok.  Let me explain what happened.   It is not that I had made a guess or that I knew that such a fall of two and a half points was going to happen.
(04:14)   Ok?  It was done properly strategically so that whichever way the market went, I would make money from both sides.  Even if it had gone up, I would have made money, in fact, if it had gone up, I could have made more.  Although the accounts were equal between the two and even if it had gone down, it would have been fine.
(04:26)   Isn't it ?  So we will try to understand how it happened and how we can catch these moves, at the same time we will try to catch them, we will try to understand and we will also try to understand how we can take this trade in Delta Exchange, okay so which strategy do you use right now Anshul Sir, I do Delta Neutral, so whatever this D3 is, set it on D3, let's do D3, then whatever happens between 6:30 or 7:00, when the market stabilizes a little, after the new expiry opens, then I sell one triangle each in this D3 Call and this D3 Put.
(05:03) Then what does it mean to say continuously,  sell a strangle, that means sell an out of the money option for call and also an out of the money option for put and hope that the market stays in the middle and does not go out of it. So, delta generally happens when I go into the option, when I see the two options on both sides, I will see D3 and for how long will you stay in that position because the market will remain in the middle for the entire 24 hours, no, sir, 24 hours, the market is like right in the middle and
(05:35) we sold both D3,  after selling both D3, the market moves to one side, so generally the premium that we sell is $150, it is $150, lumpsum around 6:30 pm, we, at the rate of $150, whenever a premium gains 30%, like that $150 option becomes $195 or $200, then  obviously the premium in front of it becomes  around 190 or 90.
(06:02)   At that time, whatever premium is Rs 200, we leave it as it is. Who is in loss of 60 points or who is in loss of 50 points. And we book our profit of 50 or 60 points.   And accordingly, the premium of 200 that we have, just like we square off the call premium, we  buy back the call premium of $200 and keep it.
(06:24)   So while doing this, when we reach the strudel, as if we reach an ATM, we sell the call put right in front of us, then  a time comes when while you are adjusting, the one right in front of us comes, like both the premiums of Rs 250 each are sold, right in front of us, before this I can see that their voices are very cluttered, my voice is coming properly, everyone is hearing my voice, everyone is hearing my voice, yes it is coming, yes sir it is coming, it is coming, let's go, okay.
(07:28) Ok.  Okay, you are looking at my screen. I traded this strategy.   Right now I'm back to the beans. What was my maximum loss in this?  17 US dollars. Meaning I could not have lost more than this. And my maximum profit was unlimited. Now let me do this again and show it to you in the live market. Ok?  That's how I did it.
(07:48)   Like let us look at crypto in the live market right now. So how does crypto look to us ?  If we go by the option chain, then in today's expiry, we will see that in crypto, basically in today's particular expiry, the crypto has already fallen. Bearish is visible and a big move has already come in crypto towards the bottom.
(08:05)   It appears that there has been a significant move towards the bottom. Ok?  Now, somewhere or the other, this bottom move will lead to a consolidation and somewhere or the other, we may get to see a small reversal or even a decent reversal in the future. As we look at the next day's expiry, the crypto appears slightly bullish.
(08:20)   That is, if I talk about BTC, we are seeing slight bullishness. So here is my expected move as to what BTC could do from here ?  It can move bullish. Why could it move bullish?  Because she is also standing on her Max Payne. Standing on Max Payne at the bottom.  If we look at this live line on AILTP then let's talk about AILTP bullish move.  So S Max Gain is his far away.
(08:37) Already Max Pain is standing somewhere below Max Pain and S Risky and S Moderate and this is for the next day, so its analysis will start after 5:30 in the next day.  Now I see that a slight bull move may come here.  So I can set my maximum loss in this. And I adopted the same method of setting maximum loss that you told me yesterday.
(08:57)   Isn't it ?  Anshul, what we were discussing yesterday.  So what should be your maximum loss? So what do I do?  I'm going to go back to the strategy builder here. Ok?  And I take the expiry of 23rd September. Now what do I do in this strategy builder ?  What do I do with all this ?  I will delete it.
(09:14)   What is my move now ?  Expected First of all I have to understand this.  Isn't it?  So my expected move is that the market may be bullish right now.  This bullish is my move.  So what should I do? Here I will create a bullish position of future by adding future.  Ok? Now, to create a bullish position, as you told me yesterday, select BTC here and after selecting BTC, I selected 025 BTC here, that I want to trade 255 BTC.
(09:41)   Ok?  And here by doing limit price, I selected the current limit price of the market, that current limit price, the first one, and by selecting it, I got a move.  This is bullish.  Ok? Move Margin In this I see that I am requiring a margin of $28 to trade this.  Ok?  Well, with that, what is my job now?  Now my job is to save this position.
(10:02)   Now what should I do to save this position?  My current market price, whatever price the market is running at right now, one call option and one put option of that current market price. I will buy both these options.  Ok ?  And I will buy both these options at the limit price.  The price of one is $693 and the price of the other is $645.
(10:22) Both are trading almost at par and I will take the prices of both of them as 025 BTC.  Ok ? 025 BTC025 BTC025 Now let me analyze this, pay you off. Now see how much is my maximum loss in this ?  My max loss going into this is $29. $30 Why $30?  Because the premium is very high right now.
(10:44)   When I bought it yesterday, the premiums were low so I had a loss of $10. So my loss of $30 is gone.  And where do I start gaining profits ?  My profit starts gaining from 13364.  That means crypto will start going up by 500 points from here, after that I will become break even or profitable.  I will be in profit.  I can make profit from there.
(11:03)   Well, I have taken both the ATMs.  Ok?  Plus, I don't have to lose $30 if I want to.  The $30 loss that is visible, I do not want to incur a loss of $30. So I can further reduce this BTC. I converted it into BTC.  Ok? Whoever wants to incur less loss, whoever wants to take less risk , should do 02.
(11:26)   Accordingly, he can reduce his BTC.  And I do all three. 02 BTC When I did this BTC , now I will analyze, so where did my loss come now?  Came down to $24.  I have to lose less, I can lose less. I turn it over.  Ok?   That I should reduce my lot size further. So the more I reduce my lot size, the more my loss will get controlled there.
(11:51)   That means  I cannot suffer any more loss than that. I won't know the volatility of crypto. Crypto is very volatile.  Now here I am incurring a loss of $2.  $1 means 12 * 85 85 from Delta Exchange does its that  maximum of ₹120.  I can't lose more than this. ₹700 ₹1000 whatever my brokerage is, that brokerage will be charged.
(12:15)   So in total, around ₹1500 ₹2000 ₹1500, roughly my ₹5 ₹550 brokerage will be charged in this because this is a strategy builder. We are trading within the strategy. Taking all three trades simultaneously.  Ok? This is my maximum loss.  I cannot afford to lose more than this. What is my current price?  It is 12174.
(12:39)   Where is my breakeven point?  11392 Market Running Now 74. My breakeven is around 300 600 points.  There I will be in profit of $ and loss of $.  But if the market starts going above that and if I get a recovery above that, then I can have huge profitability there. What do I have to do in such a case? In such a case, look at me, what is there right now? Why is this move expected?  Because where is the market right now?  Right now the eagle is standing at its bottom.
(13:02) Bottom in the sense that a big fall has already occurred.  There are full chances of recovery from there.  The  expiry of the next day that I am seeing is the expiry of 23rd, so what am I seeing in the expiry of 23rd ?  The market is also looking slightly bullish and is looking below its S Max Pain or S Moderate and S Max Gain is looking very far away.
(13:19) I see here that the market can move towards ₹14,960 also.  It can also move up to 14,000. And if the market goes there, I will start seeing profitability on both sides of both my options and my futures.  Profits will start coming from both sides.  So now here I have another method, like the call side is going up in the market, so the   strategy I am adopting to select the put side is ATM strategy, due to which my premiums are getting high.
(13:52) If I lower the put side strategy a little bit and make it out of the money, then in such a case my premium will become low. But there will be a growing danger there. Will that danger increase?  Let me show you.  I also pointed this out here. Ok?  And here again I have Analyze lay off.
(14:13)   My loss which was $1 has now increased a bit.  It became $15. But my breakeven which was around $13,500,  my breakeven came down to $13,200.  So what happened here?  My losses increased slightly to around $3.  But my breakeven has gone back. I will do it again and show you what I did. I delete this post.  When I am doing ATM Put Buy, when I am placing a market order in ATM Put Buy.
(14:42) What is happening in such a case?  In such a case, see what is happening? What is my breakeven going to be?  I am losing a maximum of $.  Isn't it?  And my break even point here where both the USDs are going to zero is  happening at $1380 and my maximum loss is happening at $1.  It's $380.  Whereas if I remove this put, I am taking an out of the money put.
(15:14)   Some sir, I am taking the put out of the money.  And this is where its premiums are decreasing. Quantity I am keeping the beans. What is happening in such a case?  Look carefully. My loss of $1 increased to $100 and my break-even point of $390 increased to $248.  Max profit will remain unlimited.  So this way I can make my adjustments. But the market will fall.
(15:41)   In such a case, even if it falls, my maximum loss will be $1.96.  Of $1.96. What is the second thing you can do?  If I feel that the market will go up a little more on the call side, then the premiums on the call side may increase.  So in such a case, you can also try a small premium on the call side. If you have to spend less money,  what will you do in case of spending less money?  We'll go to the outside call side, a little bit away from the ATM.
(16:05)   Outside call side means like ₹13000 or ₹13,200 call went to the side.  Taking this also at the limit price, now I am not able to earn Rs.13,200, sorry.  Sorry, do I have to come the next day?  I will take it for the next day.  Isn't it ?  23 September ₹13,200 I take this.  Its limit price was fixed and it is trading at ₹488.
(16:29) And I make this also 01  and after making it 01, now I pay off Analyze. My loss reached $15.  My breakeven point there was $390 and then it went down to $280.  When I backed the call the premium on the call decreased because backed off I would not make money on the call.  Due to this my break even point again reached 370.
(16:55) Reached 370.  So overall, if I am very bullish on the market, then I can reduce the premium on my put side. If I am very bearish on the market, I can shorten the premium on the call side.  So personally, if I have to trade this, I would personally prefer ATM call.  ATM call I would prefer that whatever the ATM call is, that ATM call should be taken.
(17:18)   If we take risk there and after taking risk, we try to trade it, then a better risk reward ratio will be created for us.  Everyone may have their own risk reward ratio. And we can trade it that way. Also controlled.  Also turned off Analyze. Loss is around $. Loss is around $.  My breakeven is  around $13138 with a loss of $3.
(17:46)   And by the time it reaches 269, there is zero perfume.  There is zero perfume. And this is my trade being created. But this trade will be pure bullish.  So if it has to rain then it will rain thousands of points and then I will get something. Otherwise, I will have to bear this loss, this risk of $18 will remain created.
(18:03)   If I go bearish from here,  yes sir, it will not be bearish, the put premium will increase and you will get that future price. When will you get it? I will tell you, you will get it only when the market falls so low that the call premium becomes zero and the put premium crosses the call premium. No sir, it will fall in the future, right sir, no, the future will automatically square off.
(18:22)  There is a marginal square off in it. By the time it reaches $20 or $15, the liquidated one will get liquidated. Yes, okay sir, it will get liquidated and I will get the money in it. Did you  understand? Sir, when the future is liquidated, your money will be liquidated at $18. Your money will be deducted there. It gets squared off.
(18:41) In that case, if the market falls further and the market falls further, then what will happen to the call option? It will become zero and the put option will start.  Yes,  even if the market goes completely against you, you will be in profit. I mean, if it goes to the extreme opposite and goes in your favor, then you will definitely be profitable.
(18:56)  Did you  understand? So, what is it here? This is its benefit here.  Is.  Ok?  Let me make this two point two point2. Ok?  Now let me analyze it pay off. Now here I am facing a maximum loss of $34.  The closest one I have is  somewhere around $13269.  The most I can do is Max Loss $34.  I ca n't do more than that.  If we calculate $34 as $85.
(19:27)   Good good $35 $35 what roughly you $2 more of that make it $38.  Isn't it?  There is going to be a loss of ₹3200 in this particular trade.  Ok? Now what do we have to do with this trade? If we have to execute this trade, what will we do with it?  Simply place an order.  When we place order we have these two open orders and one order filled.
(19:56)   Which order is filled?  This put order has been filled. You had set the limit earlier.  That market must have shifted here and there.  You had set that limit a long time ago.  So let's correct the limit, just change the limit, if it is 806 then let's make it 806, it will become like this, fill is fine and what is its limit, which call is left, the remaining call is 706, otherwise it should not be there, here we have 6, 706 is coming for 719, it will come, it will be executed at 706, all these  three, my basket position has been
(20:47) rated very extra, even if the market falls down, I cannot incur a loss more than that, what is my expected loss, that loss is expected that I have to incur a loss of $35, I have added $38 including all the brokerage and now this is my tomorrow's expiry. Now this position will continue like this.   If the market recovers and becomes bullish, both my call and future will start increasing and my put premium will gradually start decreasing.
(21:13)   So the premium of both the call and put together will become almost zero and the profit from the future will become my profitability.  What kind of strategy is this?   It 's great sir. Yes.   It's a great strategy.   It's great.   Yes sir.   Please tell us in the chat box.   There can be a problem in this, maybe he will liquidate your future and the market will stop,  yes then there will be a loss of $  34, then by liquidating that future, both call and put will become zero and after stopping, there will be a loss of $34 only, yes that
(21:44) entire $34 will go in that case, yes by liquidating its future, it will stop, it is visible here that this is getting liquidated, after this the future is becoming flat, this line, after that it will become flat and both will become zero, so  my maximum loss will be $35 there. Yes, there is a loss of $35 there.
(22:01)    Let us see one by one where will the $35 profit come and where will the market be?   At around 144000 means 1200 points above, yes 1200 points is not much, here 800 points below you are incurring a loss of $35, 400 points extra is going on, 1200 points 200 points 400 points no, if it goes before the expiry then there will be huge profit, that is yes, oh first of all yes, it is very good, quite okay, this is a good profit at the time of expiry.
(22:40)    If  this move happens tonight at the time of expiry, then the profit which is showing ₹14000 will have come at ₹13500.  Yes, profit will come soon. This is not difficult.  Bharat ji, this is not difficult.  Please  understand carefully what I did.  Just haven't done anything.  I have bought one future and two ATM call options and nothing has been done.
(23:01)    There  is a bullish position.  Only the method of making it is different so that you can reduce your risk. If you take a naked future, the risk will increase.  In this,   we have used the options which really work and the premium which really works for insurance.   This will insure our position from both sides. Yes and here I have told you to select BTC and after selecting BTC you have to adjust it by 02.
(23:28) 01 and after adjusting you have to always analyze the pay off and see how much maximum loss you are incurring and you have to see that loss according to your capacity.  You can try it in difference.  Manish Srivastava ji, if you go and try it, you will see different losses and different profits in different ways. I have taken unlimited in Max Profit because what do we get multiple times in BTC ?  Unexpected moves are found.  Now I found it, just like I found it lying down yesterday.
(23:52) Similarly, if there is a big move upwards then anything can happen. Meaning they could come in at $65 or even $600. Yes, both put and call do not have to be 80.  85 have to be done.  Always remember that these standard calculations are done from 85. Delta exchanges perform standard calculations from 85. What is this complicated thing?  I do n't mean it sir, it is complicated, seeing this position they are calling it complicated.
(24:30) If you look at it generally, this is a bullish position.  All you have to do is analyze the market whether it is bullish or bearish.  If you are on one side and you become bullish, there are many ways to create that bullish position.  You can buy Naked Futures.  You can buy calls. You can short the put.
(24:43)   So by combining these, i.e. by mixing permutation combinations, you can reduce the leverage and reduce the lag.  Maximum loss is all I have to do.  Max Loss Maximum Loss Limit. Now it is not complicated here. Manish Patel ji, what do you find complicated in this?  Tell me Manish. Sir Sir Hello Sir. Tell me hello. Sir, no actually sir, I was a little late for the class, that's why I was asking sir.
(25:05) What have I done?  Look what has happened to the market ?  Look carefully.  The market has fallen down.  Isn't it? carefully on the NTP calculator.  The market has fallen.  There has been a heavy fall in the market. Now there is a heavy fall.  The market is at its bottom. So what I am expecting is that the market will move bullish from here in tomorrow's expiry.
(25:19) Meaning it will recover a little, it will do something, it will recover 100000 points, if it has fallen by 4000 points then it will recover by 1000 points, if it has fallen by 2500 points, 3000 points, so  yes sir, when the bull moves, at this time I have to create some bullish position, now how can that bullish position be, either I buy naked future, if my naked future gets liquidated then I will incur a good loss, that is $20 $25 $30 loss will definitely occur if it gets liquidated, if I am creating a small position, I am
(25:45) talking about the position accordingly, so what I am trying to do, then I am not trying to buy naked future. Then what am I doing ?  I am buying both calls and puts of both ATMs with a naked future.  Ok.   So that's when I bought both.  Now when I analyze its payoff, at what level did my stop loss come?  My stop loss of $35 was triggered.
(26:05)   Why did it cost me $35? Because I have done 02 BTC here. You always have to convert it into BTC and you have to write it in BTC only. So you will always know how much USD you are losing.  So I mean, I think I can take a loss of $35 on this.  Meaning I will lose $3200.  I do  n't want to lose more than that.  So I set my stop loss at $3200.
(26:26) This is my stop loss. Understand this.  Bought both calls and puts.  My stop loss is hit.  My stop loss was at 33200.  Now what is my profit after this ?  If you look at the profit here, it is written profit unlimited. If there is a good move in the market, a good move of 1.
(26:40) 5 to 2000 points in the next two-three hours, four hours, then I can earn good money.  You can get a good amount of money. Because all these rates that are visible are on expiry, what will happen if the expiry happens at this price?  How much will you lose?  Max Loss Max Loss.  But if this move comes before expiry then I can get a good amount of movement in it.
(26:57) So this is what I did.  Tell me Manish ji, what is complicated in this?  If this looked like a bearish move to me, I would sell futures and buy calls and puts. I would do the same thing again but I would sell futures.  If I was feeling the move was bearish then yes sir. Okay, right? OK sir. Come on, who else is feeling complicated? Tell me.
(27:21) How much margin will it cost?  Margin was written no below.  What is my total margin? $44. $44 is at stake, my margin is $44, which means I have placed a stop loss of approximately $38 equal to that 1, I have 33 32 in it and the rest is added  and if I get that much then it is a good thing Naresh Kumar, are you thinking of doing this trade at square of 1 one only, that is, I will carry it completely and  leave it as long as the market keeps moving, when I will see it here on the calculator, it is possible that it may
(27:56) not go to s max, yes the same sax will be visible, right, then when tomorrow's trade opens, now the expiry is 5:30, as soon as it expires, something will start to appear, so let's see once how far the market can go,  then it will be seen accordingly, that is, if the position is built in 1 hour, it will be understood automatically in half an hour, if the position is built in half an hour, then it will be understood automatically at which place the open interest is being created in volume at the strike price, then it will be
(28:17) exited accordingly because all of us, all of us here, must understand as to how far it will go.  You understand it,   right Naresh Kumar ji, tell me what you did not understand sir, this is like buying call and put, yes yes then from where to buy it? We want to buy all three.  See where to buy it?  Let's see what happens.
(28:35)   What do we have to do ?  Here you are seeing an option of Strategy Builder.   Yes yes.   You have to turn it on.  Ok?  One thing has happened.  You have to turn on the strategy builder. Going into which one?  Here above you have to click on the option.  Look carefully. Markets future options are visible above.   Yes yes.  So if you click on the option above, this option chain will open for you.  One thing has happened.
(28:53) Secondly, here you have to turn on the strategy builder. Two things have happened.   Yes sir.  Thirdly, look here on the right side, you can see Ad Future next to the BTC contract.  Can you see it? Yes, if you click on Add Future then the buy sell option will appear.  Three things have happened. Yes, now when you have said goodbye to all three, you have said goodbye to the future, so your future has come here in one line.
(29:13) From this, you can convert this future into BTC. And here M will be written, so click on M and change it to L. Place a limit order.  Isn't it?   Yes.  Now if you keep the key on the option chain in the option chain, you will get the buy sell BBB button.  The buy sell button will appear.  So click buy on both.
(29:29)   So you will see options on both sides.  Ok?  One has C written on it, one has Put written on it, one has P written on it.  I said goodbye to both.  There is no shopping happening here now.  This was just added to your basket. Once you are added and have set your BTC in all three, then  after setting it, you can analyze and pay off.
(29:46)    It is written below, Analyze Pay Off. Click on Analyze Payoff below.  When you clicked, look above, what is the Max Loss showing?  $34.  Now suppose you think $34 is too much, then tell me how to reduce it to $34. You tell me, by reducing it, sir, we will reduce this BTC. Suppose $34 seems too much, so let's say I reduced it to 0.
(30:12) 15 BTC, this one too, and this one too, to 155 BTC. As soon as I reduced this, my lot size reduced, then I also turned off the analysis. Now see, there is a loss of $26. Yes, right? If I want to reduce it further, I will reduce it to 0.15 BTC. If I want to reduce it further, I will reduce it to 0.5. So it will depend from person to person as to how much he wants to invest.
(30:33)  Here, an investment of $33 is required. Remember, if the investment here is $33, then you should have at least $300 in your account. Always remember this. It is not that $33 is being invested. You have $33 in your account. However, there is a liquidation option there. It will not make any difference to you. The liquidation option is a very good option of Delta Exchange.
(30:49)  It is a very powerful option. Why Anshul? Yes sir, because your loss  If you want to remove the liquidation option, you can do so but it will empty the entire account but you should not do that, you should not remove it, you should not remove it, but it is good sir, you have given the option of both, it is good because it stops your loss by reaching a limit, square off, yes it stops it, right?  Now, according to the same leverage, for example, if you have taken 100x leverage, then your loss will be very small, yes, if it is 100x, if I make it 25x, then by
(31:23) increasing the liquidation a little, the liquidation will go away.   It will go away. How to put dollars here?  Bring it sir, not dollars, you will invest only rupees there. He will simply subtract 85 and show it to you in dollars.  What you are investing there is only  rupees.  Remember, investing in a disc crypto is very highly risky and crypto is not regulated in India.
(31:51)   So you guys should invest wisely.  Isn't it? Always remember this.  Ok? What is isolate?  Isolation: When we have class the next day, we will tell you about isolation. What is an isolate?  Isn't it?  Did you understand this strategy or not? In this strategy, you will first have to be clear whether it is either a bull move or a bear move.  Isn't it?  You will always incur losses in a consolidation move.
(32:10)  Why to Buy Call if You Just Have with Buying Put?  Why is buying a good call?  What will happen if you just buy puts?  Suppose the market falls a little.  Ok?  What will happen to you when the market falls a little bit ?  The future will be liquidated. And after the future is liquidated, if the market goes up then what will happen in such a case ?  The price of your put will decrease.
(32:33) You will suffer losses from both sides.  So what I have done is that I have also bought a call option along with the future so that even if the future gets liquidated, my call option position remains intact. What will happen in such a case?  If the market goes up, I will get the benefit of the call. Even if the future has been liquidated.
(32:48)   Understand ?  So I bought the call along with it. Otherwise I could have bought a put along with a future and my work would have been the same. But since I have liquidation on, I bought it because the call will not be liquidated.  Only the future will be liquidated. Understood why the call was bought. Someone asked that if I want to take 200% leverage but use strict stop loss then it will be fine.
(33:14) Yes sir, but you will have to take the trade by strictly putting stop loss on the system because you did not take it and your stop loss was not there. When you are going into such a strategy, then analyze your pay off.  If you are taking 200x leverage then they are probably talking about naked futures and if you take it on 200x leverage then you should take it only after crossing the margin account and not margin isolate it,   yes if you are taking it after crossing it then  keep it strictly on stop loss limit because any time there will be a move it will
(33:40) empty the entire account, see the situation of future is such that if you [Music] I had just gone to a place in Bitcoin, there it was being discussed that if you are trading in Bitcoin futures then you do not have to pay 30% taxes.  You can show it as business income.  You do not have to pay 30% taxes there.
(33:59) Just 30% have to be done in the option. Yes. How to do liquidation. How to turn on liquidation? Account Margin Where it is written Main Isolate is isolate.  So your liquidation is on.  If you cross it instead of isolating the margin, it will start withdrawing money from your account.  It will change after it goes below your liquidation price, so yes, like below this your CBTC position is running at 14% loss, at  14.
(34:32) 59% loss, if you cross it then it will not stop even after 100% loss, it will keep moving ahead of 100% and it will start fetching money from your account which is fund lying in your account. If you are doing cross margin then keep the stop loss limit carefully. Yes. When I don't have the position, I will show you how to do it.
(34:51)    Right now if  I have a position then there is some sir here, it is day right now, there will be no such problem but even if the position is not there then what target should be placed in it, you can place a target in it, you also wait for the market, it is 5:30 now, now see the new expiry must have come, let's refresh it once the new expiry comes, now everything will slowly start getting created anew, it is appearing neutral, BTC is not, now it is appearing neutral, so what will it create from here?  Will it create momentum?  Let's wait for half an hour.   If we
(35:20) wait for half an hour then we will see something.  So here we come, yes sir.  A question came whether it would be okay if one lot of call is sold and one to two lot of put is sold.  Sir, if you are purely bullish then you can do this. But if you are thinking of hedging then this will not work.
(35:41)   Because if there is a bearish side move and I would say brother, you should take your safe side, there are always many ways to create bearish and bullish positions. Now you have to figure out which method you should use, as in this, even if the market goes against you, then your future contract will get skewed off.
(36:01)   But the put you have will give you profit.  If it goes against you then  always keep your positions safe.  You should also find the safest way because you are doing the riskiest work.  We are doing a very risky job.  There is nothing more risky than this. Earlier there used to be Indian option nowadays.  This crypto option has arrived.
(36:20) So this became the most heavy risky. So we are playing with volatility. We are playing with fire.  So we should keep all these things in mind while playing with fire.   Does  not fetch money from the option account.  If you do it then   Anshul, what are you going to teach me tomorrow? Which strategy are you going to teach?   There is one strategy, let me discuss it with you first.  One is delta neutral.
(36:47) Ok? So that is the selling strategy according to D3. But one has to sit and trade very actively.  I cannot leave him.  What will we do?  If we feel that the market is consolidated in the D3 range, then  we may sit and record it alone or understand how to do it, then  adjustments have to be made regularly because the market does not remain at one place, if we sell both the D3s, then one decreases, one increases, one increases, one decreases, then we have to close that and  sell the bigger one again,  okay, that, that, that one to one, I will clear one,
(37:19)  okay, so first we will learn that tomorrow as to how you want to do it.  Yes Sir, those who want to open their Demat account in Crypto,  that link is given to you in the chat box in Delta Exchange. You can open your account by going to that link. Remember crypto is not regulated in the Indian markets.
(37:38)   Still, trading is not prohibited.  You can trade it. No problem in trading.  If you trade in crypto futures, then  you do not have to pay 30% tax for trading future cryptos.  You  can show him your business income.  You should keep both things in mind. Ok?  Because crypto futures are perpetual and they do not even come into your account.
(38:01)  Ok?  Keep both things in mind.   The link is given.  The recording of this video will be uploaded to YouTube.  I will also tell you which one will be uploaded on YouTube.  The recording of this video will be uploaded to YouTube. Crypto with LTP calculator @ Crypto LTP.  I am also giving you the link of its YouTube channel in the chat box.
(38:23) Subscribe to this YouTube channel. Anshul will be with us for the next several days and many times when I am not there, he will come and teach you things about crypto.  This is very tremendous information.  He knows much more about crypto than me. About the technical aspects of crypto, how to square off, how to create positions.
(38:46)   However, we have created the tool.  The rest of the technicalities about the tool are as much as I can understand.  I keep doing my experiments accordingly. And gradually I keep trying to create new strategies.  How can I create those strategies in crypto?  Isn't it ? Ok?   Is money safe at Delta Exchange? I can't say.
(39:11)   However it is registered with FIU and do not deposit huge amount of money.  Start playing a little by adding a little twist.  Start understanding.  The result of the Seven Days Challenge will be announced in this evening's postmortem analysis class.   Isn't it ? When to book profits?  Brother, I told you that on Profit Book Elpic order you will start getting S Max Pen or some such value.
(39:31) Na s max gain value will start coming right?  Suppose the X max gain is showing as $14996 right now,  then I will book there, profit or wherever I feel I am getting decent money, I will book there, where I feel I am getting $50, then $50 is a lot, then I will book,  yes sir, if that becomes 1 and the situation is not looking in your favor on the calculator, then booking can be done,  at least how many lots can you trade, make it 01,  you will get money according to the number of lots you trade or it will go accordingly, isn't it, minimum investment is ₹1000,
(40:03) people do trading by doing 01 lot, what will happen, ₹50 will come for 10 20 or ₹50 will go, future is perfect, the option has to be bought on the next day, the expiry of the option will not end on the next day, the  future will never end, I told you the recording will be uploaded on the YouTube channel. Here is the link of the YouTube channel, subscribe to it.
(40:41) One is to buy a future, one is to buy a call, one is to buy a put.  ATM call, ATM put.  Don't know about brokerage.  Sometimes it seems less , sometimes it seems more.  I still do n't understand how it looks. Yes, from my link to my link to account quantity pay.   You will open an account using my link. You get a 10% brokerage discount.
(40:59)  Brokerage is charged for different quantities.   I wanted to say something else Anshul, I wanted to discuss it. Ok.  So for now let's leave this class here. Those who have watched this class on YouTube, please  subscribe to the Investing Daddy channel.  Look, this is Investing Daddy speaking.   You can also go to Investing Dad.
(41:36)   Please subscribe to that as well.  For now, please subscribe to Crypto with LTP and like and share this video. This is the only tool.  The link to the LTP calculator is also given to you in the comment box. So go to the comment box there and the link to the LTP calculator is given there. You can register the LTP calculator from there and you will be given a link to open a demat account for crypto.
(41:59) Link to open a crypto account on Delta Exchange.  From there you can open a crypto account.  From there you can trade in crypto. For now, tell us how you liked this video in the comment box. How did you like my strategy, tell me in the comment section.  Keep learning like this in this video, keep smiling and keep enjoying life.
(42:13) We will meet again tomorrow at the same time with a new video and we will discuss further tomorrow. Anshul will stay with us.  Ok Anshul, bye to everyone else.  See you in the evening for post market analysis.   I am ending it, right?
